INFORMES DE ENCUESTAS

Create a PDF report (Informe - Encuesta de Ambiante Escolar) for each School found in the database.   

The PDF report will have the following sections:
    Section 1 (Page 1): Page Title
        Use page 1 as a reference from the file MODELO DE INFORME EAE-Form.pdf inside this project

    Section 2 (Page 2 and 3): ENCUESTA DE AMBIANTE ESCOLAR
         Use the text from the file MODELO DE INFORME EAE-Form.pdf inside this project

    Section 3 (Page 4): IDENTIFICACION
        DIRECTIVO/A DOCENTE: (value from cargo_actual linked to the school)
        ENTIDAD TERRITORIAL: (value from entidad_territorial linked to the school)
        INSTITUCION EDUCATIVA: (value from nombre_de_la_institucion_educativa_en_la_actualmente_desempena_ linked to the school).  

Section 4 (Page 4): ENCUESTADOS
    There will be 3 sub-sections. 
    There is no color scheme or specific color
    There is no charting library preference 
        DOCENTES 
            Values are coming from docentes_form_submissions table:  This section will show the number of records found for the linked school and some charts (xx encuestados).  Next we will see charts (add a legend) to the charts:
                "En que grados tiene clases?" (Donut chart ) showing the percentage.
                "En que jordan tiene clases?" (Donut chart) showing the percentage.
                "Cuantos anos lleva en la IE?" (bar chart): x value from anos_como_docente. Show the count of unique values
                "Usted recibe retroalimentacion de" (bar chart)
        ESTUDIANTES
            Values are coming from estudiantes_form_submissions table:  This section will show the number of records found for the linked school and some charts (xx encuestados).  Next we will see charts (add a legend) to the charts:
                "En que grados te encuentras?" (Donut chart ) showing the percentage.
                "En que jordana tienes clase?" (Donut chart) showing the percentage.
                "Cuantos anos llevas en el colegio?" (bar chart): x values from anos_estudiando
    ACUDIENTES (This section is a table with one row)
            Values are coming from acudientes_form_submissions table:  This section will show the number of records found for the linked school and some charts (xx encuestados).  Next we will see table:
                "en que grado se encuentran los estudiantes que representa?" (table )

    For the bar chart showing years, show only the unique values.

Section 5 (Page 5): RESUMEN GENERAL
    This page will show three stacked bar charts shown in percentage. 
    Add a legend to the charts
    Add the numeric count of each unique.
    Calculated from the raw data
        Docentes
            Comunicacion
            Praticas pedagogicas
            Convivencia
        Estudiantes
            Comunicacion
            Praticas pedagogicas
            Convivencia
        Acudientes
            Comunicacion
            Praticas pedagogicas
            Convivencia

Section 6 (Page 6-7): FORTALEZAS Y RETOS
    Use the same pattern and the same layout as in the component "FrequencyChart".  But with a small change in the query.  
    Fetch the data coming only from the school linked to this report.
    Don't modify the existing FrequencyChart component.  Just use it as a reference to create a new one specific for the PDF generation.
    
To resume, each school will have a report (pdf) of their results coming from the database. 

Incomplete pdf: When there is at  least, one section that is missing values, its is consider INCOMPLETE.  If the pdf is incomplete, create it with the fielname INCOMPLETE_schoolname.pdf and just put blank values where there are missing. Inlude all sections but with blank/placeholder values. 

You will store each pdf (one per school) into a directory.  The filename for each will be the school name.  It has to be saved in order of school name.  Add a sequence number in front of the filename will be padded with zeros (0001). You can save all the reports into "INFORMES DE ENCUESTAS"